hey gang gets me miss cotton candy
kisses today is March twentieth and it
is my vlcd day 45 and I didn't release
anything because I probably it's
probably because of the shirataki
noodles that I wanted to try yesterday
and apparently I got the wrong ones and
mine were made with the tofu um but I do
have a question because I swear somebody
on facebook um eat tofu while on p2 um
so yeah I don't know but I was a big fat
zero today um which is better than a
game better than me going to olive
garden and having all the good bad stuff
so I'm definitely going to have the
miracle noodles and when I am craving a
i'm craving pasta um I think that I will
be okay um so yeah that's where I am a
add on that I'm going to pet it um two
pictures one is um before like two days
before i started the HCG and then the
one was a from yesterday so you guys can
see my progress as i continue on um I
definitely still have a ways to go um
but yeah so I'm going to do that
um and what else I got that's basically
it um I went inside bounty hunter last
night cute movie um with jennifer
anderson and the hot guy from 300 i
think he was in don't know but he's
yummy so um yeah cute movie definitely
check it out you guys went to movies um
I'm like a movie freak um yep so I it's
beautiful here on Saturday I am staying
and i am going to clean my room and do
laundry nothing fun there and i'm eating
clean today uh yeah no shirataki noodles
for me and I guess you guys do the
miracle noodles but um I don't know like
i said i like the shirataki noodles and
i will have them again a not saying that
i'm going to have them when i'm on p2 um
cuz I don't know when I have that pasta
craving but I will um I will have them
maybe on p3 like I said they're not bad
and they're healthy for you so at least
I learned that right um because before I
started this I would never and I mean
never feel like oh yeah I want some
shirataki noodles if you like AB hell no
get me some spaghetti haha the real deal
so um
it's it's cool to figure out the good
stuff along the way all right I will see
you guys all manana hex and kisses big
releases keep up the great work
everybody and yeah love you
you